---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-04 - Tuesday]]"
Complete: true
Tasks: 18
Tasks Remaining: 0
Tasks Complete: 18
Date Completed: 2025-11-04
---
# Tuesday, November 04, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - November|November]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 45|Week 45]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-03 - Monday|Monday, November 03, 2025]] · Tuesday, November 04, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-05 - Wednesday|Wednesday, November 05, 2025]] ❯

## Logs
### 7:12

- [x] Okay, first thing I want to do is get the updates sent to NSDFC, then deal with any emails.
    - [x] Get the info that Bao sent about task.
    - [x] Update the report generation
    - [x] Figure out who all needs to receive this update email
    - [x] Send the update email
- [x] Send message to Josef about getting all the emails for the NSDFC team
- [x] Update the forms for NSDFC and FIN Searches
- [x] Next, I want to see if I can use the old outlook on the web.

Okay, so we can't get the archived tasks directly in the "Get Filtered Team Tasks", but we can in the "Get Tasks". This will require us to loop over each list and get all the tasks included the archived. Why would we want archived tasks? To be able to start clearing out Outlook. The goal would be to search for a task that include a phrase in the miscellaneous field or the title.

I would take all of the tasks and store them into one giant JSON.

Keep the ClickUp ID in outlook until the item is completed.

I'm working through evaluating tasks and I'm going through list by list:

- [x] Lists
    - [x] Visdom
    - [x] Passaic Partners
    - [x] Aiden
    - [x] BTP
    - [x] Chart National
    - [x] Other
    - [x] Orical - Backlog
- [x] Reach out to Mariah about when we should expect their articles [Completed:: 2025-11-04T08:46]
- [x] Add the information that I got from Passaic

### 9:50

What are the most pressing issues for FIN and NSDFC.

The most pressing issues for FIN Searches are:

- Application performance/load speeds
- Movement of all admin features to data.finsearches
- Consistency and responsiveness
- Security and updating login

The most pressing issues for NSDFC are:

- Recertifications
- Making the application have more guardrails to prevent bad data
- Simplifying the user experience
- Fixing existing data
- Documenting how the software works
- Data integrity
- Data conversion issues

### 15:29

Okay, what am I trying to do right now? Finished reviewing the NSDFC tasks

## NSDFC List

1. [86acmdaw6 – Remove email automation that occurs after a new FSA text file is uploaded to the CRM | ready for deployment | Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acmdaw6)
2. [86acmdbv8 – Update organization page | ready for deployment | Zulqarnain Niazi, Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acmdbv8)
3. [86acq9w1k – Handle SSNs and Driver's Licenses in database | ready for deployment | Bao Do Van, Mikhail](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acq9w1k)
4. [86achgkkt – Only show forms for the department of the user | ready for deployment | Zulqarnain Niazi, Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86achgkkt)
5. [86acjrdna – Check logic to log out the user when the token is expired | ready for deployment | Bao Do Van, Mostofa Reza](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acjrdna)
6. [86acp9zyh – Auth/SignIn returns too much information | ready for deployment | Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acp9zyh)
7. [86ac61ndk – Payment plan can be deleted, but the estimated payment plans do not automatically disappear | ready for deployment | Zulqarnain Niazi](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac61ndk)

## Mostofa Meeting

- Should be able to demo for Josh tomorrow