---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-10-30 - Thursday]]"
---
# Thursday, October 30, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - October|October]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 44|Week 44]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-10-29 - Wednesday|Wednesday, October 29, 2025]] · Thursday, October 30, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-10-31 - Friday|Friday, October 31, 2025]] ❯

## Logs

The most important things for Delta Desk is:

- High customer service
- Reduce the responsibilities of Josh
- Delegating tasks to other people
- Understanding systems end-to-end and knowing what the most pressing issues are. Why? This allows us to effectively delegate to developers and communicate with the clients.
- Communicating with Josh to make sure he knows what's going on. We're building his trust in our abilities.

What are some questions that we can ask ourselves?

- What is our technology stacks that we're using for our front-end, back-end, and database
- What are third party services that we integrate with?
- What are the cloud providers being used?
- What automations occur in the system?

## 7:35-?

Okay, I have a meeting with Mikhail at 8:00 AM in about 25 minutes. I need to get materials ready for that. I'm going to send him a message, so that I can preemptively get a grasp on what he might need.

Okay, I need to write out what questions I have for Bao about these items in review. I should also look into creating some kind of automation of items.

What has been done for the clients and giving them updates.

### 8:30

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/tables/view-the-table-definition?view=sql-server-ver17

- Right-click table and select "Properties"

I guess some (or all) our tables don't have foreign key constraints?