---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-09-23 - Tuesday]]"
---
# Tuesday, September 23, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q3|Q3]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - September|September]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 39|Week 39]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-09-22 - Monday|Monday, September 22, 2025]] · Tuesday, September 23, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-09-24 - Wednesday|Wednesday, September 24, 2025]] ❯

Vector databases

Josh got approved for new models in ChatGPT. Now, we can use 5, O3, etc.

Bao - Ask Dominik to review it another time in production.

Data will be different for FIN Searches.

<time>10:11</time>
When we initially converted, we didn't fully understand the data and it is also bad data. We won't be able to fix all of the data.

Mandate search

What is the style search?

Consolidated table

Major/Minor style? in mandate search page

Mostofa isn't responding to ClickUp/Slack chats - 

---

Need to charge Orical/NSDFC for hosting

## 10:59

- Managing incoming emails
- Managing documentation

---

- Capturing recert date
- Capture all the people who need recertifications
- 11:19 - Loan Watch rather than recertification?
- 12:08 - How many years will this person be doing the recertification?
- 13:30 - Where will this go?
    - [[Attachments/Pasted image 20250923111018.png]]
- 14:50 - Two different types of recertification
- 17:00 - Making things simpler in services
- 18:30 - Adding in the amount of years that someone will need recertification for
- 20:00 - Questions from Kathleen
- 21:00 - In reminder status
- 22:00 - New recertification date
    - Old CRM would generate reminders to the client at different frequency
- 24:30 - Client and Internal reminders
- 32:40 - Communications tab issue
- 33:30 - Calls show up after doing search #ClickUp
- 37:00 - Spreadsheet
- 40:30 - Not overwhelming Emily
- 44:00 - Recertification
    - 45:35 - 
    - 46:45 - Could do something similar to the accounting page
    - 47:15 - 
- 49:30 - Why did the status move for the five entries - Josef
- 52:30 - When Josef pulls the reports, he bases his actions on the status of an individual. This is why the status is stagnant is an issue.

Why do these people have 3 years, 6 years, etc. for all that.

## 13:09

- There's way too many emails that are coming into the NSDFC email. How can I get better access to it
- Tasks I've created:
    - [86ac1cc82 – New information not showing on refresh | to do | Not assigned](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac1cc82)
    - [86ac1e760 – Additions to file creation | to do | Not assigned](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac1e760)
    - [86ac1e85p – Add entries to "Missing Documents" dropdown | to do | Not assigned](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac1e85p)

<time>13:25</time>
I'm reviewing this email from Kanako.

She's saying that having a missing SSN and Date of Birth is "huge problem". It sounds like this information should be included in the contact creation phase.

There's a second part where she is requesting “Date of Birth” and “Social Security Number” as additions to the "Missing Documents" dropdown in the `contacts/{id} > Files` tab.

I should respond and confirm the ask.

<time>14:07</time>
- Clicking on a link I can't tell if anything is happening or not.

<time>14:24</time>
- Figure out how I can see what tasks I've created today.

## 14:45

4 reports

- Risk Reports
    - Portfolio Data

Stored Procedures

- 4:43 - Elon Musk Quote

## 15:27

- Brevo - Is an email marketing list (like mailchimp) software
- He didn't hear anything back from Zabelle
- Doesn't trust not a lot of people on the team. Has met Bao and Mikhail, so he trusts them the most. Both make around $4,000 a month.
    - Trust the least Zulqarnain and Mostofa
    - He's met Vu twice. Thinks he needs some professional development. Has a second job at his school's computer lab.
    - 12:30 - Per page amount
    - 14:30 - 2 month trial period before potentially getting rid of Vu
- 17:40 - Biggest things to improve on as a company?
    - 18:20 - I need to get a better understanding of FIN Searches
    - 19:10 - Slightest doubt about requirement or question
- 21:00 - Has been building these systems for 20+ years
    - 21:50 - Force people to use the inputs correctly
        - Validation
- 25:29 - 
- 27:40 - Filling out the government forms
- 28:40 - Improving workflow
- 30:20 - Loans is student loans

--- 

- 5 contract mandate

## 19:02

- Company brought in over 80K this month

---

