---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-12-04 - Thursday]]"
Complete: true
Tasks: 3
Tasks Remaining: 0
Tasks Complete: 3
Date Completed: 2025-12-04
---
# Thursday, December 04, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - December|December]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 49|Week 49]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-12-03 - Wednesday|Wednesday, December 03, 2025]] · Thursday, December 04, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-12-05 - Friday|Friday, December 05, 2025]] ❯

What we're going to focus on right now is getting tasks in order for FIN Searches and NSDFC. Afterwards, I'm going to take care of emails.

All I care about right now is finding out what the top-10 priorities are for FIN Searches. We have an email about this:

1. Performance and loading time of pages – This will be an ongoing task. A specific task will be speeding up searches for contacts. Currently, having certain filters applied will cause a big slowdown. We're expecting this for December 12th.
2. Migration of admin features and login - The goal of this is to deprecate and move away from the classic and ria versions of the site. We're currently migrating the admin features from the classic site. I will need to get back to you on an estimate for this. As of right now, there's 32 items on the list.
3. [x] Document loading improvements and fixes - We expect that keeping the documents in sync between the classic and data site should be finished on December 5th. Other tasks related to this will be determined later on.
4. Universal search and the Global search input – The next versions are expected to be completed on December 5th. ==Follow up==
5. Firms and 13F data fixes – Expected for December 5th. ==Follow up==
6. User activity tracking improvements & Institutional side of Salesforce integration - Will be determined at a later date.

How do I show what should be worked on within a period of time and what will be in the pipeline?

Fuck it, I'm going to create a new task for each one of these that I cannot find. If I end up creating a duplicate, then I'll merge them when I find them.

---

The staging environment should rebase itself based on the 

We currently have these environments:

- Local
- Dev
- Staging
- Production

I think this is how we should approach this.

- [x] Let me create a task that would have the team look more into this.

---

- 1:40 - They run into difficulties when there's features that run across the entire application stack. Frontend, backend, and database.

---

How do I track everything that a developer is working on across different workspaces?

---

- [x] Create all the tasks for NSDFC