---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-07 - Friday]]"
Complete: true
Tasks: 8
Tasks Remaining: 0
Tasks Complete: 8
Date Completed: 2025-11-10
---

# Friday, November 07, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - November|November]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 45|Week 45]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-06 - Thursday|Thursday, November 06, 2025]] · Friday, November 07, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-08 - Saturday|Saturday, November 08, 2025]] ❯

**Anthony:**

- Sales

**Yasmin:**

- Intake

**Kanako:**

- Welcome Packet
- Processing
- Forbearance
- Online Servicer Account
- Submission
- Consolidation Approval
- Non-IDR/IDR Approval
- Disability Discharge

**Kathy:**

- Accounting

**Jessie and Samantha**

- Public Service Loan Forgiveness

**Jackie**

- Teacher Loan Forgiveness

**Emily:**

- Recertification
- Rehab

---

- Ability to edit the summary for 
- Today Gar wants to discuss pulling in LinkedIn data for consultants and making the descriptions editable.
---
- Using the description we already have available and making the description editable for .

On firm, plan

---

- [x] All these different detail pages can have a description. If the description has been created manually, then we'll use that as the description. If there is no description, then we'll use the AI generated description. On the universal search page, we'll always use the AI generated description.
- [x] Fixed income charts not showing in April data. "Performance Metrics > Filters > Asset Class > Fixed Income" -> Matt Poremba is putting in a ticket for this
- [x] 13F -> Using Arial as an example. This is a data analysis issue. Having a CRD number, but the firm holdings not showing up. "We don't have CRD numbers in the source of 13F data."
- [x] [86ad0e04n - User isn't receiving daily document email - client review (FIN Searches - External Issue Submissions)](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ad0e04n)
- [x] If we can feed the data from the classic and new into salesforce. Activity date? Web hook on salesforce from old website. FS activity date isn't showing. Only the data for the User Activity from the data.finsearches is pushing into the FS activity. Both the database for the original finsearches and the data.finsearches should be pushed into the FS activity in Salesforce.
- [x] After pulling in new docs there haven't been any new documents since. Josh will need to fix this.
- [x] Universal entity search
- [x] Maps performance frontend

---

- **86ad3u1fm - Detail pages should always have a description** - We want to avoid detail pages not having descriptions. If a detail page doesn't have manually entered information for the description, then the AI generated description should be filled.
- **86ad3urcp - Charts are not showing for any fixed income fund in the performance metrics section** - go to the performance metrics section, filter by fixed-income, click into a fund and under performance analysis, you should see where the charts should be showing instead say no data available.
- **86aaqaf9k - Firms with CRD numbers that don't have 13F data** - We need to investigate why 13F data isn't populating for some firms and supply the 13F data.
- 

---
- **86ad3u1fm - Detail pages should always have a description** - We want to avoid detail pages not having descriptions. If a detail page doesn't have manually entered information for the description, then the AI generated description should be filled.
- **86ad1zn3f - general investment consultant not showing up in plan search** - under plan search, if you search for Stanislaus County Employees' Retirement Association you will not see their general investment consultant even though their general investment consunltant is starred
- **86ad3urcp - Charts are not showing for any fixed income fund in the performance metrics section** - go to the performance metrics section, filter by fixed-income, click into a fund and under performance analysis, you should see where the charts should be showing instead say no data available.
- **86ad2wp52 - mandate dates are default sorting from oldest to newest on consultant and manager pages** - when you scroll to the Mandates section within a Consultant and/or Manager page, they are sorting from oldest to newest when by default it should show the newest mandates first.
- The different details pages should always have a description. If the description is not filled in,