---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-09-15 - Monday]]"
Complete: true
Tasks: 0
Tasks Remaining: 0
Tasks Complete: 0
Date Completed:
---
# Monday, September 15, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q3|Q3]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - September|September]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 38|Week 38]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-09-14 - Sunday|Sunday, September 14, 2025]] · Monday, September 15, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-09-16 - Tuesday|Tuesday, September 16, 2025]] ❯

- I want to go over previous items that have urgent/high priority or are overdue with each developer
    - Josh Jennings
    - Bao Do Van
    - Luke Lancaster
    - Mikhail
    - Mostofa Reza
    - Vu Nguyen
    - Zulqarnain Niazi

## Items reviewed

- NSDFC
    - **9:49** — \[86abt6k2u\] - Error Creating Email Template
    - **9:49** — \[86a9d6d0b\] - Consolidation Add On Forms
    - **9:54** — \[86abre3rw\] - Create New Statuses for Payments By Service Report
    - **10:03** — \[86abqx9kt\] - Update Email Rules Spreadsheet Based on Client Changes to Email Templates
        - **10:19** — Add task to add the SQL script to client folder. Add another task for potentially automating this process.
    - **10:22** — \[86abqhvca\] - Prevent double scrollbar in /universal-search
    - 

## Logs
### 9:07-?

Going through all the FIN screens

### 9:30-? - Meeting with Vu

I want to see all the different tasks that Vu has been working on as well as the client it is for.

- NSDFC
    - Backlog
    - Phase 1 - Final Items
- FIN Searches

I'm seeing 8 tasks altogether.

### 12:00

ConnectWise is an outsourced help desk.

### 12:35

Okay, I'm trying to think about how I should structure our documents for our product.

Old LeetTrek emails

---

- The payment plan can be deleted, but the estimated payment plans do not automatically disappear.

Gene Dolinsky

We'll need to look into getting myself a headset to cover everything

RIA only version of FIN Searches

Inconsistencies with area codes

Working across different browsers

- Requirements:
    - Number of documents -> Add a new column to the grid -> /mandate-search

What are the major ticket items for FIN Searches currently?

Exception report?

Some alias that has caused an issue

### 13:57

Okay, how can I start getting a handle on FIN Searches?

We'll work on just getting all of the current tasks into the backlog.

- Documentation - Will contain files relating 

Since we can't have nested folders, what should we do?

- Backlog - Collection of general tasks

I want to work on updating these projects to use the new statuses and methodologies.

### 14:15

What is our objective

## Developers
### Bao

- **6:32** — Sent him questions about NSDFC

### Josh

- Sent the items I'd like him to look at

### Luke

- 

### Mikhail

- 

### Vu

- Went over the formatting of phone numbers for Orical

### Zulqarnain

- 

