---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-10-13 - Monday]]"
Complete: true
Tasks: 5
Tasks Remaining: 0
Tasks Complete: 5
Date Completed: 2025-10-14
---
# Monday, October 13, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - October|October]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 42|Week 42]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-10-12 - Sunday|Sunday, October 12, 2025]] · Monday, October 13, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-10-14 - Tuesday|Tuesday, October 14, 2025]] ❯

## 6:57-7:51

Okay, so the first thing I want to focus on is getting caught up. Let's focus on getting caught up with the developers first.

- What did they deploy?
- What tasks should be marked as finished?

Okay, so I'm looking at the NSDFC stuff currently. It looks like they've finished: [86acd2jvf – Notify the user about an incoming call. | in progress | Mikhail](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acd2jvf)

<time>7:15</time>
Right now I'm working on setting up tasks for NSDFC this week

## 7:51-11:46

Okay, I want to focus on my email for the next 15 minutes. Let's see how many we can get through.

<time>8:12</time>
I went over the time a little bit, but that's okay. I have an email that I need to respond to. The next thing I'll want to do is setup the weekly meetings with the developers then review the NSDFC tasks.

<time>8:20</time>
I've reached out to the developers about their times. I'm going to do some stretching then do my reviews.

<time>8:50</time>

We had an important task come in and I created a task for it. I have not done my stretching.

- Setup meetings with developers
- Stretch

2,212 files updated at 8:56.

## 11:46

Okay, so we need to make more improvements to the audit logs of the CRM.

How my day can be done:

- In the morning, my focus will be the developers. I'll have calls, answer questions, update requirements, and assign tasks.
- In the late morning/afternoon, my focus will be on client related things. I'll answer emails, have calls, etc. I'll be checking on developers periodically to see that they're doing good.
- The last 2-3 hours of my day will be focused on planning. What are the tasks the developers should be focusing on, what are the priorities of the client, what has been completed, creating tasks, process improvements, etc. These will all be things I need to have more focus on without interruptions.

Write about what sponsors are within the NSDFC system.

## 13:46

Okay, these are what I want to focus on:

- Looking over what the most important tasks are for our current projects
- Seeing what tasks are assigned to each developer
- Writing out to Josh what's going on
- Reaching out to each developer to give them these tasks

---

- For FIN Searches, I need to:
    - Go through and update the "Ready for Deployment" tasks.
    - Prioritize tasks for this week
- For the OMS, I need to:
    - Do a bunch of reviews.
    - Prioritize tasks for this week
- For our site, I need to:
    - Talk to Josh about what we want to do for it
- For NSDFC, I need to:
    - Do a bunch of reviews
- For Aiden, I need to:
    - Talk to Josh about when this is going to be added
- For Orical, I need to have Vu update the registration portion of their site

---

Okay, what does everyone have assigned?

We can start with an arbitrary amount of tasks to do for FIN and NSDFC. Let's say 10 tasks an easy number.

Okay, for FIN Searches let's update the tasks, so we have a clear idea of if they're done or not.

## 14:41

She's talking 

- Amount of total debt is the "Total Loan Balance".
- Current monthly payment is coming from the previous monthly payment
- 

I'm assuming that the PDF is not actively pulling the information. It doesn't pull the correct information. Natalie said that 

- 9:00 - An improvement could be selecting a loan to populate information into profile
- [x] 15:00 - What does the "Update" action even do?
- [x] 19:45 - Create an action for - Regenerate the PDF .Update the "Update Form" action to be "Edit Form"
24:45 - One is a public sector vs a private sector loan

What's the difference between IDR and PSLF?

30:00 - Bug in the system that we cannot delete a program that has no price.
33:00 - Allowing NSDFC to be able to create their own document types 
34:15 - Only showing the forms that relevant to the department 
38:45 - Unknown number
- [x] 41:30 - Show all future tasks by default
- [x] 42:45 - Add email, phone number, salesperson to export to dashboard workflow for export

If we don't have current monthly payment, new monthly payment, and applicant total fed loans. Ask Bao how the fields are being populated

## 15:49

Reviews:

PSLF is Public Service Loan Forgiveness

- Only showing workflows that don't have any items or at least showing the amount of items
- Clicking an item in the right panel of status quick view

- Create the fillable PDF from the PDF
    - Remove the ACH section
    - Convert to PDF

Josh's biggest fear is that something isn't 

---

There's focus is on unions. There business model is 

A company is sponsored

A sponsor is a company that has an agreement with NSDFC to give them some benefits to their members.

- [x] Add a tag next to the payment profile that says "3rd Party Payer"

Presold a recertification

What is a recertification credit?

## 20:35-21:00

Okay, so I want to send Bao the items that can be pushed and try to review some other items quicky.