---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-03 - Monday]]"
---
# Monday, November 03, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - November|November]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 45|Week 45]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-02 - Sunday|Sunday, November 02, 2025]] · Monday, November 03, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-04 - Tuesday|Tuesday, November 04, 2025]] ❯

For this week, we have the following tasks we need to focus on.

**Orical:**

- We need to get the updates to Sanity and changes published 

## Logs

Okay, so what I want to spend the first little bit of time is putting together all my tooling into a single package.

https://github.com/dominik-ilja/delta-desk-tooling

### 9:13-?

Okay, now what I want to focus on is giving updates to the clients and working with the developers.

- Write a filter in ClickUp to figure out what items need to be sent to NSDFC.

### 10:02

Okay, we need to do the following:

1. When was the last update given to NSDFC? -> October 9, 2025
2. Get all the tasks after that which were completed. ->

**Deadlines:**

- FIN Searches admin migration should be wrapped up by the end of this week

### 12:38

New feature for FIN Searches:

## 21:03

Description of the issue:



Steps to reproduce:

1. 
2. 
3. 

Expected behavior:



Actual behavior:



Supporting information:

Please supply any screenshots, videos, error messages, or console output.

---

Issue Report

Task Name:
- Short description of issue
- A clear and concise description of what the issue is.
- Required

Priority:
- Priority
- What is the impact of this issue on the user, how critical is it to fix?
- Required

Issue discovery date:
- Issue discovery date
- Not required

Affected Environment:
- Affected Environment
- Browser/Device/OS
- Required

Affect Platforms (FIN Searches):
- Affect Platforms
- Required

Task Description:
- Description
- Provide the expected behavior, the actual behavior, and the steps to reproduce the issue.
- Required

Attachment:
- Supporting attachments
- Please supply any screenshots, videos, error messages, or console output.
- Not required

