---
aliases: []
cssclasses: []
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-10-31 - Friday]]"
---
# Friday, October 31, 2025

[[/Notes/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Notes/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Notes/Monthly/2025 - October|October]] ❯ [[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 44|Week 44]]

❮ [[/Notes/Daily/2025-10-30 - Thursday|Thursday, October 30, 2025]] · Friday, October 31, 2025 · [[/Notes/Daily/2025-11-01 - Saturday|Saturday, November 01, 2025]] ❯

- How can I give clients updates quickly?
- How can I track what needs done better?
- How can I review code better?
- How do I understand projects as a whole better?
- Documentation site that everyone on the team can use.

---

I want our team to be able to have a central location for documentation. We want to have a solution that is scalable and professional. I've so far identified the following parts of our documentation that we could have:

- Procedures - SOPs, workflows, approval processes
- Business Operations - Policies, HR guidelines, administrative processes
- Knowledge Base - Technical guides, troubleshooting, FAQs
- Team Resources - Templates, tools, onboarding materials
- Client Profiles
    - Company overview and structure
    - Key contacts and communication preferences
    - Contract details and scope
    - Historical context and relationship notes
- Project Documentation
    - Internal
    - External

The most important aspects to our documentation is:

- Fast to navigate
- Easy and quick to add updates (Less friction)
- Granular permissions - We want exact control over who can and cannot see certain documents.
- Client facing and internal facing - Documentation that a client could read to use our software
- Version control - Being able to see what has changed between versions.
- Good search functionalities for finding content.
- Ability to have documentation accessible offline, but isn't a hard requirement.
- I would prefer markdown to be the main way of writing the documentation, but that isn't a hard requirement.

**Confluence (Atlassian)**

- Permissions - Global, Workspace, and page
- Version History - Document by document basis
- No offline support, but offers the ability to export
- Allows for markdown syntax while typing and works well with copying and pasting markdown into it.
- Allows linking between pages
- Has global search for pages, but doesn't 

https://throwawayqg58n9mlkgxnipra.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/cl/pages/753676/Carrick+Lane

Okay, a downside is that within a space you cannot have any items with the same name.

## 8:55-?

Okay, what things were updated this week for FIN?

## 14:13-?

Okay, this is what I want to focus on now:

1. Getting my notifications cleared out and creating tasks.
2. Get updates out to clients
3. Learn more about the different projects
4. Test what software can solve our problem

Type: Email
Subject: Re: omn-vm-usw-linux (www.omniciainc.com) new code update
From: Joseph Smith <jsmith@btp.net>
To: Kevin Chee <kevin@craftypenguins.net>
Date: 31 October 2025 11:13

## Deployments

[86acrc06v – Update "Fees" section in manager-details page | ready for deployment | Zulqarnain Niazi](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acrc06v)
