---
Complete: false
Tasks: 106
Tasks Remaining: 44
Tasks Complete: 62
Date Completed:
Last Updated: December 9, 2025, at 2:01 PM
File Size: 10.37 KB
aliases: []
cssclasses:
  - full_width
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Notes/Daily/2025-12-09 - Tuesday]]"
---
# Tuesday, December 09, 2025

[[/Agenda/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Monthly/2025 - December|December]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 50|Week 50]]

❮ [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-12-08 - Monday|Monday, December 08, 2025]] · Tuesday, December 09, 2025 · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-12-10 - Wednesday|Wednesday, December 10, 2025]] ❯

## Tasks

[[Task List]] · [[Tasks/Lists/Question List|Question List]] · [[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Meetings/Josh Jennings Meetings|Josh Jennings Meetings]]
[[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Documentation/Developers/Bao Notes|Bao Notes]] · [[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Documentation/Developers/Mikhail Notes|Mikhail Notes]] · [[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Documentation/Developers/Mostofa Notes|Mostofa Notes]] · [[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Documentation/Developers/Vu Notes|Vu Notes]] · [[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Documentation/Developers/Zulqarnain Notes|Zulqarnain Notes]]

- [ ] Create a meeting for discussing the improvements to the development workflow [Priority:: Urgent]
- [ ] Schedule headshots for Josh and I - There's this "Alexandra Zak Photography" with 5 stars and 182 reviews. It's 10 minutes from my place. She does everything which includes corporate photos [Priority:: Urgent]
- [ ] Setup new laptop
- [ ] Get phone for Zulqarnain https://www.moremins.com/en/virtual-phone-number
- [ ] Setup tasks for Zulqarnain and Mostofa
    - [ ] 

- [ ] ClickUp
    - [ ] How to track time spent on projects

- [ ] Aiden
    - [x] Check the updates from Zulqarnain
    - [x] Add remaining tasks for Aiden
    - [x] Send email to Cindy about outstanding items
    - [x] Add card to resources page
        - [x] Follow-up with Zulqarnain about this
    - [x] Follow-up with Bao on what he sent about the domain
    - [x] Have Zulqarnain update the newest card to be the first index
    - [ ] 
- [ ] FIN Searches
    - [ ] Start planning long term
    - [ ] Send over the admin controls document
    - [ ] Send over updates that we've done
- [ ] NSDFC
    - [ ] Start planning long term
    - [ ] Send over updates that we've done
- [x] NYM FCU
    - [x] Get the updates from Vu

- [ ] Emails
    1. [ ] FW: Remaining items (December 8, 2025) | hey@signidesign.com | Mon, 08 Dec 2025 23:33:31 GMT
    2. [ ] New Agreements | josh@deltadesk.com | Fri, 05 Dec 2025 15:13:15 GMT
    3. [ ] Group Advantage Agreement - Word Nov 2025 | Natalie@nsdfcgroup.com | Wed, 03 Dec 2025 21:21:29 GMT
    4. [ ] Your Student Loan Consolidation Has Been Approved! - UFT034845 Fitzpatrick | John@nsdfcgroup.com | Wed, 03 Dec 2025 21:13:33 GMT
    5. [x] You can now view the "Aiden Tech – Website FINALS" file | support@figma.com | Mon, 08 Dec 2025 17:57:13 GMT
    6. [x] NYM FCU New Announcement  | josh@deltadesk.com | Mon, 08 Dec 2025 20:13:11 GMT
    7. [x] Youtube | zaslanian@orical.org | Mon, 08 Dec 2025 17:42:28 GMT

### Due Today

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Follow-up

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Overdue

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Ready to Deploy

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### To Review

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### ClickUp Notifications

1. [ ] BV for now, before sending the reminder, we only need to check that if the Single PSLF Form Sent to Client is the active workflow status "Public Service Loan Forgiveness" workflow or not
2. [ ] BV when you create an approved status, you need to select a service if you want to complete it and mark the related payments from estimated to actual
3. [ ] BV hi @Dominik Kulak, did you talk to the client about this?we already have a public link to update contact information in the Welcome Email. so, we can reuse the logic to get the public link. should we add a new button to allow clients to request "update contact information"?
4. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak if you run that query, you can see some old "Contract Received" status under the "Sales" workflow. what should we do next?move them to the Recert workflow?
5. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak  this is ready in staging also
6. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak  this update is ready in staging
7. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak one thingwhen the Sales Contract Received status is created, we also create Intake Complete statuscould you please confirm this with the client?
8. [ ] MR Hello @Zulqarnain Niazi,\n        github.com
9. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak this is ready in staging
10. [x] VN Hi @Dominik KulakDoes this task mean it takes a long time to display the data, or are there any issues/bugs?
11. [x] MR Hello @Zulqarnain Niazi, could you please review the UI?Here is the staging url:\n        witty-field-018aee10f-staging.eastus2.1.azurestaticapps.net
12. [x] JJ Yes close
13. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  12/1/25
14. [x] M @Dominik Kulak  do we need to hide "about" for all mandates records ? they asked to add this a month ago
15. [x] M @Dominik Kulak  we don't understand what it is
16. [x] VN Josh reviewed this and told me to push this to the main site.
17. [x] BV we'll push this along with admin controls
18. [ ] BV hi @Dominik Kulak, this page is ready to testhttps://gentle-moss-01d780c0f-dev.eastus2.1.azurestaticapps.net/user-manager-search
19. [x] Mostofa Reza  reacted to your comment: D @Mostofa Reza can you point the "Contact Us" link in the fo…\n
20. [ ] BV @Dominik KulakI would say everything is tracked now. but hopefully you can review the subtask list and verify them
21. [x] Bao Do Van  assigned this task to  Bao Do Van
22. [x] Bao Do Van  assigned this task to  Zulqarnain Niazi
23. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  6 days ago
24. [x] Mikhail  changed status: to docomplete
25. [x] Bao Do Van  reacted to your comment: D I haven't heard anything else related to this, so I'm going…\n
26. [x] BV @Dominik Kulak what is the problem here?
27. [x] Bao Do Van  assigned this task to  you
28. [x] BV I pushed this to both qa and production environments@Dominik Kulak
29. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  changed status: developer reviewinternal review
30. [x] Vu Nguyen  changed status: in progressinternal review
31. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  4 days ago
32. [x] MR hello @Dominik Kulak, this is merged into the main
33. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  4 days ago
34. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  4 days ago
35. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak  this is ready in stagingplease help me review it
36. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  4 days ago
37. [ ] BV hi @Zulqarnain Niazi  and @Mostofa Reza, if you guys have time, please start working on this
38. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak  could you please send me the fillable pdf version?and I don't see you answer these questions:"What is the mapping for this field?"
39. [ ] Bao Do Van  set State to \n        
          Needs Information
40. [x] Vu Nguyen  changed status: to docomplete
41. [x] Bao Do Van  changed status: internal reviewclient review
42. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak  this is ready to test in dev
43. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak this page is good to me
44. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak  this is ready in dev
45. [x] BV hi @Dominik Kulak, I uploaded the new market commentary article for Passaic. feel free to review and please help me let the client know
46. [x] Vu Nguyen  changed status: internal reviewclient review
47. [x] Vu Nguyen  changed status: internal reviewclient review
48. [x] Vu Nguyen  changed status: internal reviewclient review
49. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  changed status: developer reviewinternal review
50. [x] Mikhail  changed status: to docomplete
51. [x] Mikhail  changed status: in progresscomplete
52. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak I updated these points in both qa and production environments
53. [x] VN @Dominik Kulak I've pushed the updates. https://ashy-bush-0aad1420f-17.eastus2.4.azurestaticapps.net/
54. [x] BV @Dominik Kulak what is this task?
55. [ ] BV hi @Dominik Kulak, I have a question here. we only need to populate the dropdown on UI. it's a little bit confused because they don't really know it's just the scheduled with instead of the real salesperson. then they won't assign it to a real user. the salesperson in the reports will be empty, etc.
56. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  Yesterday
57. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  Yesterday
58. [ ] BV @Dominik Kulak, to implement this task, we needAdd four cards at the top. These will be in the same style as the cards in the "Accounting" tab → Like the Accounting tab, we need to have a stored procedure in database to get the summary data. Only Josh or Mikhail can do this
59. [x] Task is overdue. Due date was  Yesterday
60. [x] Mostofa Reza  uploaded an image:  image.png
61. [x] Mostofa Reza  uploaded an image:  image.png
62. [ ] VN @Mostofa Reza This is the endpointGET: /SavedSearches?type={selectedType}--types: consultant, contact, firm, firm-notes, mandate, map, or plan (you can use other labels, but pass those value)
63. [x] VN NYMFCU "react": "^18.2.0" "next": "^14.2.3"Orical"react": "^18""next": "14.2.11"Aiden"react": "19.2.0" → "react": "^19.2.1""next": "16.0.1" → "next": "^16.0.7"
64. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  changed status: developer reviewinternal review
65. [x] MR Hello @Bao Do Van, could you please take a look at the problematic filters?
66. [x] MR Hello @Bao Do Van, could you please take a look at the problematic filters?
67. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  unassigned  Zulqarnain Niazi  from this task\n
68. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  changed status: in progressto do
69. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  assigned this task to  Zulqarnain Niazi
70. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  assigned this task to  Zulqarnain Niazi
71. [x] Zulqarnain Niazi  changed status: developer reviewinternal review
72. [x] VN @Dominik Kulak The result for today:I checked all the packages in the Omnicia project, and there are no affected packages included in ours.I searched all files in our local repository and didn't find anything related to bun_environment or setup_bun, as mentioned in the email.

### Emails

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Slack Messages

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Slack Saved Messages

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Teams Messages

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

## Logs

