---
Complete: true
Tasks: 71
Tasks Remaining: 0
Tasks Complete: 71
Date Completed: 2025-09-30
Last Updated: September 30, 2025, at 7:36 AM
File Size: 8.53 KB
aliases: []
cssclasses:
  - full_width
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Notes/Daily/2025-09-29 - Monday]]"
---
# Monday, September 29, 2025

[[/Agenda/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Quarterly/2025 - Q3|Q3]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Monthly/2025 - September|September]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 40|Week 40]]

❮ [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-09-28 - Sunday|Sunday, September 28, 2025]] · Monday, September 29, 2025 · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-09-30 - Tuesday|Tuesday, September 30, 2025]] ❯

## Meetings

<span class="placeholder">No meetings</span>

## Questions

- What Vietnamese and Islamic holidays will the developers be taking time off for?
- What is an Azure resource group?
- What is Azure static web app?

## To Review

- [x] [86abzwf5t – Get rid of [UserToChatServUser] table | internal review | Mikhail, Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abzwf5t) - This is a database related change that I won't be able to test.
- [x] [86ac3zm4g – ContactServices table CreatedDate is always NULL | to do | Mikhail, Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac3zm4g) - Bao says that entries without created dates are from LeadTrac. He said Mikhail could improve the data conversion. What you like to do about this?
- [x] [86abyj59q – Add "Check" as a document type option | to do | Josh Jennings](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abyj59q) - This came from Kathleen. She wanted to add "Check" as a document type. Wanted to discuss with you before continuing on it.
- [x] [86aburc47 – Add the ability to collect re-activation fee | to do | Dominik Kulak](https://app.clickup.com/t/86aburc47) - This came from Natalie and would be a way for them to bring in some extra money. I think this is worth implementing ASAP for that reason alone. However, I'm unsure of all that'll go into that.
- [x] [86ac3ye0u – Send Grid email history | to do | Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac3ye0u) - This task is for adding fields to the CRM. I wanted to see if there's any additional information we wanted to add for this.
- [x] [86abz62bk – Create admin page that would allow settings of permissions | to do | Not assigned](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abz62bk) - Would you like to start implementing the admin page for defining permissions? 

## Tasks

[[Main Dashboard]] · [[Task List]]

- [x] Setup sprints for this week [Priority:: Urgent] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:33]
    - [x] Delta Desk [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:09]
        - [x] Create new sprint [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:09]
        - [x] Copy items that were in review into the new sprint [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:09]
    - [x] FIN Searches
        - [x] Create new sprint [Completed:: 2025-09-29T08:08]
        - [x] Copy items that were in review into the new sprint
    - [x] NSDFC
        - [x] Create new sprint
        - [x] Copy items that were in review into the new sprint
    - [x] OMS
        - [x] Create new sprint
        - [x] Copy items that were in review into the new sprint

- Create system for sharing work with clients [Priority:: High]
- Review what Zulqarnain sent [Priority:: High]
- Add tasks to Vu's task for the admin permissions to show him how I'd like it done [Priority:: High]

---

- [x] Check in with Josh about check [Priority:: Urgent] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T15:53]
- [x] Setup today [Completed:: 2025-09-29]
### Groups
#### Carrick Lane

- [x] Luke's spreadsheet for Carrick Lane? [Priority:: Medium] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:42]

#### Delta Desk

- [x] Need to give Mikhail another Virtual Machine for automating button clicks for client [Priority:: High] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:47]
    - [x] What client also needs automated? I believe the two clients are Carrick Lane and Visdom [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:47]
- [x] Josh mentioned getting a credit card for me [Priority:: Low] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:03] ^th9ndq
- [x] We currently have two Google Accounts. One is the corporate account and the other is under "support@deltadesk.com". There's things tied to the support account which Luke made. We need to make sure that is taken care of. Josh would like this done before he gets Luke's laptop. [Priority:: High] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:05] ^jkeo08
- [x] General phone number for Delta Desk. We could potentially get a virtual PBX and calls can be routed between Josh and I depending on the hours [Priority:: Low] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:06]  ^9omobo
- [x] The payment plan can be deleted, but the estimated payment plans do not automatically disappear.  [Priority:: High] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:12] ^xhqku7

- [x] Create tasks:
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^n8oiok]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^jfohim]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^9wewsh]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^f47o74]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^xhqku7]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^nqbj7l]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^28dhaj]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^jkeo08]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^th9ndq]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^9omobo]]
    - [x] [[Tasks/Lists/Task List#^enq2dx]]
- [x] Slack Tasks
    - [x] Saved messages
        - [x] https://deltadesk.slack.com/files/U09D6PBEHMM/F09HMSG508Z/image.png - Review the items in here

- [x] Create list of Delta Desk expectations. Include this in our daily tasks [Priority:: Low] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:15]
    - [x] Find the note that be stored this information in [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:15]
    - [x] If my Obsidian is in my personal, then I need to split it out [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:14]
    - [x] Keeping on top of the comments [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:15]
    - [x] Assigning things to wrong people [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:15]

#### FIN Searches

- Reviews: [Priority:: High]
    - To review:
        - [86ac2wy7q – Create Contacts Blocklist page | internal review | Vu Nguyen](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac2wy7q)
    - Delegate review:
        - [86ac21g1r – Endpoints | internal review | Vu Nguyen](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac21g1r)
    - Review tasks with Josh:
        - [x] [Pagination on universal search page](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ac3tn0a)  [Priority:: Low]
        - [Universal Search - Speech to Text](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abxxjq9?comment=90130170743963&threadedComment=90130171263724)
        - [Increase size of infinity logo](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abzqe0n)
        - [Update the position of the filters](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abzqf9n)
        - [86abzwf5t – Get rid of [UserToChatServUser] table | internal review | Bao Do Van, Mikhail](https://app.clickup.com/t/86abzwf5t)

#### NEOS

- [[Tasks/Completed/2025/Task - Make sure NEOS files are private]]

#### NSDFC

- [x] Go through the Slack messages I sent to myself
- [x] Need to document how the different plans should be done. For example, consolidations can't be charged until the work is done while recertifications can be charged immediately. [Priority:: High] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:55] ^nqbj7l
- [x] Document the differences between QA and Production [Priority:: Low] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T16:57]

#### Orical

- [x] Orical website - Phone number input improvements [Priority:: High] [Completed:: 2025-09-29T17:01] ^28dhaj

### Projects
#### OMS

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Repeating

- Create message of previous tasks, current tasks, and next tasks
    - Send tasks in chat
- [x] Go through email
    - [x] Go through inbox
    - [x] Go through NSDFC
    - [x] Add requirements
    - [x] Check if there's any tasks we moved to Tasks
    - [x] Check emails with "Task" tag
- Go through Slack
    - Write out messages to respond to
        - Check client channels
    - Write out saved messages to review
- Go through Teams
    - Respond to messages
    - Look for meetings
- Go through ClickUp
    - Write out notifications to review
    - Write out tasks that are in "Internal QA"
    - Write out tasks to create

- Emails to handle: 0
- Slack Tasks: 0
- ClickUp Tasks
    - Items to review: 0
    - Items to add: 0
    - Notifications: 0
- Assign tasks to developers

#### Complete

- [x] Say goodbye to the developers as they wrap up for the day
    - [x] Bao
    - [x] Mikhail
    - [x] Mostofa
    - [x] Vu
    - [x] Zulqarnain
- [x] Reach out to developers
    - [x] Bao
    - [x] Mikhail
    - [x] Mostofa
    - [x] Vu
    - [x] Zulqarnain
- [x] Let the developers know I'm online in the morning [Completed:: 2025-09-29T07:00]