---
Complete: false
Tasks: 30
Tasks Remaining: 10
Tasks Complete: 20
Date Completed:
Last Updated: December 4, 2025, at 10:36 PM
File Size: 5.04 KB
aliases: []
cssclasses:
  - full_width
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Notes/Daily/2025-12-04 - Thursday]]"
---
# Thursday, December 04, 2025

[[/Agenda/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Monthly/2025 - December|December]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 49|Week 49]]

❮ [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-12-03 - Wednesday|Wednesday, December 03, 2025]] · Thursday, December 04, 2025 · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-12-05 - Friday|Friday, December 05, 2025]] ❯

## Tasks

[[Task List]] · [[Tasks/Lists/Question List|Question List]] · [[Sushchnosti/Delta Desk/Meetings/Josh Jennings Meetings|Josh Jennings Meetings]]

- [ ] Setup tasks for tomorrow [Priority:: Urgent]
    - [ ] FIN Searches
        - [ ] Start investigating filters
        - [x] Create breakdown for tomorrow's meeting.
        - [x] Assign bug tasks and try to get them merged for tomorrow
    - [x] NSDFC
        - [x] Add tasks from Josh's note: https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Aej7H_D4K0cKhHfvZcH9QDuhgSpMKdUBk-MTVd4o7U/edit?pli=1&tab=t.0
            - [x] 1 - This is leadtrac data
            - [x] 2 - The "Consolidation" Payment Plan wasn't moved from Estimated to Actual despite the "Consolidation Approved" status being set: https://nsdfc.com/dashboard/contacts/4453
                - [x] Sent Bao a message about this 
            - [x] 4 - ==Recert page - show recert payment totals at top and recert scheduled payments on bottom== In the "Recertification" tab, we'll need to add the following: Add four cards at the top. These will be in the same style as the cards in the "Accounting" tab. These cards will be: ==Watch the recording and figure out what the four columns were that Josh said.== We'll also need to hide the "Amount Charged", "Total Paid", "Remaining", and "Paid Status" columns. Add the "Transactions" table from the "Accounting" tab after the current table in the "Recertification" tab. This table will ONLY show recertification payments. We will remove the "Generate Invoice" button. We will keep the "Add Payment" button, but will only be able to add recertification payments.
            - [x] 5 - In the "Add Payment" modal which is accessed through the "Accounting" tab, we'll need to add the ability to...
            - [x] 6 - Use digital signature font
            - [x] Message NSDFC about how the contract is worded now. If we moved the payments to the end, this section may not make sense.
            - [x] 9 - Create a report for all files that have been approved before June 1, 2025 for anyone that owes NSDFC money. NSDFC wants to send emails to all of these people to send them a discount if they pay in full.
            - [x] 10 - If a contact doesn't have a "Sales Rep", then use the "Scheduled with" person as the sales rep in the status quick view.
            - [x] 11 - ==todo==
            - [x] 12 - In modals, show errors inline rather than in a notification in the bottom right corner. For example, when trying to generate a Group Advantage Form, if there's no "New Monthly Payment", this can be displayed as a banner in the modal. We want this information to be front and center and not on a time limit.
            - [x] 17 - When an FSA test file is uploaded for the first time, we want to populate the first row in the "Recertifications" tab with the "Anniversary Date" and the "PSLF Credits" from the FSA text file into this row.
            - [x] 18 - Create a new report for approval dates ==Talk to Josh about this or watch video== 
            - [x] 19 - In the "/dashboard/appointments" page, If an FSA File was uploaded, then show the date it was uploaded rather than the word "Uploaded". For example, in "/dashboard/contacts/6799", the uploaded date was "2023-01-09" 
    - [ ] Aiden
        - [ ] Is the branch setup now to automatically deploy or do we have to manually do it?
        - [x] Add to task for giving Vu info for Aiden
            - [x] Write out what the different things are for the task
    - [ ] NYM FCU
- [ ] Add tasks that we absolutely need to follow-up on come tomorrow
- [ ] Add Delta Desk tooling to GitHub and get it on laptop

### Due Today

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Follow-up

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Overdue

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### To Review

- [ ] [86acmck65 – History tab should include all CRUD actions | internal review | Bao Do Van, Zulqarnain Niazi](https://app.clickup.com/t/86acmck65)
- [ ] [86adcwn1j – Intake workflow updates | internal review | Bao Do Van](https://app.clickup.com/t/86adcwn1j)

### ClickUp Notifications

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Emails

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Slack Messages

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Slack Saved Messages

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

### Teams Messages

<span class="placeholder">No tasks</span>

## Logs

