---
Complete: false
Tasks: 45
Tasks Remaining: 4
Tasks Complete: 41
Date Completed:
Last Updated: November 25, 2025, at 10:14 AM
File Size: 5.04 KB
aliases: []
cssclasses:
  - full_width
tags: []
Related:
  - "[[/Notes/Weekly/2025 - Week 48]]"
---
# Week 48

[[/Agenda/Yearly/2025|2025]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Quarterly/2025 - Q4|Q4]] ❯ [[/Agenda/Monthly/2025 - November|November]]

❮ [[/Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 47|Week 47]] · Week 48 · [[/Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 49|Week 49]] ❯

[[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-23 - Sunday|Sunday 11-23]] · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-24 - Monday|Monday 11-24]] · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-25 - Tuesday|Tuesday 11-25]] · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-26 - Wednesday|Wednesday 11-26]] · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-27 - Thursday|Thursday 11-27]] · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-28 - Friday|Friday 11-28]] · [[/Agenda/Daily/2025-11-29 - Saturday|Saturday 11-29]]

## Tasks
### Aiden
### FIN Searches

[[Sushchnosti/FIN Searches/FIN Searches|FIN Searches]]

- [ ] [86ad8n092 - Global search input improvement - to do (FIN Searches - External Feature Submissions)](https://app.clickup.com/t/86ad8n092)
- [ ] 

- `/new-map-search`
    - Add institutional data
- [x] Global search input
    - [x] Ability to search for a specific team
    - [x] Add in descriptions for teams
    - [x] Reload data
    - [x] Consultant AUM?
- [x] Universal search ^x49ss5
    - [x] Team entries should have these attributes added:
        - [x] Parent Firm
        - [x] LPL
    - [x] Allow searching by an alias name
    - [x] Names and recent records should be weighted higher
    - [x] If a mandate is edited, then it should be the original mandate date rather than the edited date
    - [x] Swap the index once everything is read to reference new data
- Document fixes ^uvw15v
    - Documents should be loading every 30 minutes. They currently load once a day.
    - Documents are currently not loading on the old site.
- Bugs:
    - In the "ria.finsearches" site, there's nothing in the "Update History" tab that would give an indication that changes were made to a contact. For example: `/contact/394491`
    - Minority owned funds classifications vs managers
- Enhancements:
    - For the user activity, it should show up as the users locale since they have clients all over the globe
    - Matt would like to start off the year with very clear user activity reporting. We will need to identify what that is. ^io7on1
    - Salesforce CRM done on the institutional side ^n8pmg6
    - Create a feature to set the amount of rows that a user can export
- Priorities for the week
    - [[Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 48#^x49ss5]]
    - [[Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 48#^uvw15v]]
    - [[Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 48#^io7on1]]
    - [[Agenda/Weekly/2025 - Week 48#^n8pmg6]]


- [x] Global search - We didn't have the teams and affiliates there before.
    - [x] You'll be able to search for a specific team
    - [x] Adding in descriptions for teams
    - [x] Consultant AUM?
    - [x] Data needs reloaded
- [x] Universal search page
    - [x] Team - Adding these attributes:
        - [x] Parent firm
        - [x] LPL
    - [x] Aliases will work
    - [x] Will be weighted more on name rather than description. More recent records will be weighted higher
    - [x] If a mandate is edited, then it should be the original mandate date rather than the edited date
    - [x] Documents shouldn't be showing - The index relating to this will be swapped out once the new index is ready. 
- [ ] Map search index is currently updated once a day and then make it faster later on
- [x] Company offices can only have one headquarters. When Matt was trying to change the HQ, it was still registering the previous location as the HQ. This resolved itself.
- [x] ria.finsearches - There's nothing in the "Update History" tab that would give an indication that changes were made to a contact. For example: `"/contact/394491"`
- [x] For the user activity, it should show up as the users locale since they have clients all over the globe
- [x] They need more tickers for the CUSIP numbers
    - [x] https://stockzoa.com/cusip-database/
- Add to Manager Roster -> Matt said this would be for something like a 930 report or form. Not sure based on the audio. #Document 
- The contact showing twice is because they have a different alias. #Document 
- [x] Documents should be loading every 30 minutes -> Documents currently load once a day
- [x] Minority owned funds classifications vs managers
- [x] Documents aren't loading on the old site -> Josh mentioned that this could be due to the server
- [x] Josh's priorities
    - [x] Universal search
    - [x] Getting documents in the right way - Documents getting uploaded immediately
- [x] Matt
    - [x] Would like to start off the year with very clear user activity reporting. We will need to identify what that is.
    - [x] Salesforce CRM done on the institutional side
- [ ] Give an update and we can have a meeting after Thanksgiving
- [x] Creating a feature to set the amount of rows that a user can export

### NSDFC

